I am going to write about all the basic git commands stepwise:

1. git init - To initialise the folder/working directory.
2. git status - To check for the tracked and untracked files.
3. git add - To add a file to the staging area to be commited to the repository.
4. "git commit -m" - Add a snapshot of the code, i.e, the changes made to the file and tracks the subsequent changes.
5. "git config --global --edit" - To edit the name and email in the config file

NOTE : i) To set the username - git config --global user.name "Your Username".
       ii) To set the email - git config --global user.email "Your email".   

6. git log - Gives us an overview of all our commits inside out master branch or the branch we are currently on.

7. To stage the commits and to track the untracked files there are two ways to do this:
      i) git add - Better to use when the number of files are small.
      ii)git add . - Tracks all the untracked files and changes made to a files and puts them on the staging area. Then we run "git commit - m" to commit the files.

8. git branch - Lists out all the branches. Use git branch -m "Name" to rename a branch.
      
      i) "git branch -D "name of branch" - Deletes the specified branch.

9. "git checkout "name of the branch" - Switches the branch 
      i) "git checkout -b "name of branch" - Creates a new branch
      ii) "git checkout -- ." - Resets the branch (or indivual file if mentioned instead of ".") to the latest commit if there are any unstaged files.

10. "git reset filename" - Unstages the file

11. "git rm "filename"" - Removes the specified file and automaticaly adds the deletion to the staging area

12. git remote rm origin - HELPS US TO REMOVE THE ORIGIN MAIN BRANCH SO WE HAVE TO ADD IT AGAIN, SAVES US FROM A LOT OF FKERY!

13. "git reset --hard HEAD~n" - Resets the commit to previous version, where n is a number,i.e, the commit number.

14. Inorder for us to RELOGIN, we have to remove our token in this way:

git credential reject => ENTER
host=github.com => ENTER
protocol=https => ENTER
Then a double-enter.

15. Pushing into an existing repository from CLI:

git remote add origin https://github.com/PranjalTripathi2003/test.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main